NAMESPACE        NAME                         READY   STATUS    RESTARTS       AGE
a-nabixojayev    busybox                      1/1     Running   20 (50m ago)   20h
a-nabixojayev    flask-app-66bfd99785-7sg9d   1/1     Running   0              16h
a-nabixojayev    flask-app-66bfd99785-g8kmj   1/1     Running   0              16h
a-nabixojayev    hr-app-db6b5548c-fk6jt       1/1     Running   0              20h
a-nabixojayev    hr-app-db6b5548c-j4gx5       1/1     Running   0              20h
a-nabixojayev    nginx1                       1/1     Running   0              21h
a-nabixojayev    nginx2                       1/1     Running   0              21h
a-yoldoshov      nginx1                       1/1     Running   0              21h
a-yoldoshov      nginx2                       1/1     Running   0              21h
d-djuraev        nginx1                       1/1     Running   0              20h
d-djuraev        nginx2                       1/1     Running   0              20h
f-absoatov       nginx1                       1/1     Running   0              21h
f-absoatov       nginx2                       1/1     Running   0              21h
f-sadatov        nginx1                       1/1     Running   0              21h
f-sadatov        nginx2                       1/1     Running   0              21h
i-abdullayev     nginx1                       1/1     Running   0              21h
i-abdullayev     nginx2                       1/1     Running   0              21h
j-jumanazarov    nginx1                       1/1     Running   0              21h
j-jumanazarov    nginx2                       1/1     Running   0              21h
j-turdiev        nginx1                       1/1     Running   0              20h
j-turdiev        nginx2                       1/1     Running   0              20h
m-shukurjonov    nginx1                       1/1     Running   0              21h
m-shukurjonov    nginx2                       1/1     Running   0              21h
n-khabibakiyev   nginx1                       1/1     Running   0              7h13m
n-khabibakiyev   nginx2                       1/1     Running   0              7h13m
o-toshev         nginx1                       1/1     Running   0              21h
o-toshev         nginx2                       1/1     Running   0              21h
r-shokirov       nginx1                       1/1     Running   0              21h
r-shokirov       nginx2                       1/1     Running   0              21h
u-abdurasulov    nginx1                       1/1     Running   0              16h
u-abdurasulov    nginx2                       1/1     Running   0              16h
x-sagatov        nginx1                       1/1     Running   0              21h
x-sagatov        nginx2                       1/1     Running   0              21h
x-umarov         nginx1                       1/1     Running   0              20h
x-umarov         nginx2                       1/1     Running   0              20h
z-abduvohidov    nginx1                       1/1     Running   0              21h
z-abduvohidov    nginx2                       1/1     Running   0              21h
